[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> All right, well, Shaun,
thanks for being here.
>> OK, well, thanks
for the invitation.
It's wonderful to be here.
It's an amazing place.
>> We've been talking about
doing this for a while.
>> Yeah, getting together here.
>> And you're mostly
based in Hawaii.
>> Yeah, on Maui for the last
10 years mostly, I think.
So I love it there.
>> Beautiful spot.
>> And I have family in here
in California up in Santa Cruz
and down in Laguna.
So still, in a sense, I
have one foot in California
and most of my foot in Maui.
>> Well, you get an excuse to
come back to the mainland every
now and then.
Otherwise, you would
just end up being away,
because it's like paradise.
>> Yeah.
>> Later, we're going to
get in some channeling.
But what got you into
channeling and this sort
of wacky world we're in,
where we make contact
with these other beings?
>> Yeah, it's something--
I'd say, it snuck up on me.
I didn't know that
channeling was
something people did until
maybe just a few months before I
started channeling--
as far as I can recall.
It's something I realize
that-- channeling--
I've had many steps
along the way.
And it's something that,
as time goes forward,
steps that I've taken in the
past come to my awareness, oh,
that was one of those
things that helped get me
to where I am in channeling.
So I'm not aware right now.
I don't remember everything
in the past, all the steps.
But I, of course, realize
now that I've been with--
primarily, I channel Ishuwa
of the Yahyel civilization.
I channel a group of friends.
Initially, they came--
>> Group of friends.
>> The group of friends came
through initially in terms
of giving a name.
>> Oh, that's the
name they gave you.
>> And that was
back around 1995.
>> Oh, wow.
OK.
>> And that was the name.
And they were like,
we can give you
other names of those that are
part of the group of friends.
And I realized,
there's a lot of names.
OK, do I want to
try and remember
all these different names?
They're like, no, group
of friends is good.
Then they came through
with Gilgamesh.
So that was one they really
wanted me to know about--
Gilgamesh.
>> Gilgamesh.
Why do I know that name?
What's Gilgamesh?
>> Well, one of the older
stories in history that's been
recorded is the
story of Gilgamesh.
So there is some
connection to the Gilgamesh
that I am channeling
to these stories.
>> Oh, OK.
>> There is some connection.
But it's not a literal.
And it's not the
exact person, per se,
that these stories
were written about.
>> And what is that
story, roughly?
>> My understanding
is he was a king.
And at one point, he gave that
up to look for immortality.
And that's my understanding
of that story.
I haven't really delved
into it at length.
>> So kind of an
ascended master idea?
>> Ascended master-- well, in my
sense, he was physical being--
the idea in the story is.
And that's just how I understand
how the story is written.
And then the person,
as far as the Gilgamesh
that I am connecting
to, was alive,
did have a physical lifetime
on Earth several thousand years
ago-- let's say, approximately
12,000, 13,000 years ago--
right in that area.
So I had a connection
in a physical lifetime
with Gilgamesh, too.
So that's one of the reasons
I have a strong connection
having lived in that lifetime.
We were good friends
in that lifetime.
And so he was one of the first
ones from the group of friends
and Gilgamesh.
>> Oh, OK, so they
were together.
>> And I had many
synchronicities when his name
came through that occurred.
I had been channeling
a group of friends.
And then there was obviously
a more focused consciousness.
And I hadn't
received a name yet.
And I was in a channeling
class at the time, which I was
about once a week for a year.
I had already started
channeling by this time.
I got into the channeling
class, because I
wanted to become more
comfortable channeling in front
of other people.
So for a year in
this class, I almost
never channeled when it came
around for my turn to channel.
And there were other people who
were not channeling at all yet.
It was all very new to them.
Whereas, if I had a friend
or two back at my house
or at their house, OK,
I'm channeling nonstop.
And I'm recording
channelings at this point.
I used to write questions down.
And then I would go into
the channeling state.
And I would just
open my eyes, and I
would see one of the questions.
And that would engage.
An answer would come through.
And I had it recorded.
And so then I could go
back after I came out
of the channeling state and
listen to the recording.
And I knew which question
was being answered.
And so having done that,
when I got into this class,
it was always interesting.
I got in there so I
could channel for people.
And it wasn't
happening that way.
>> Getting over the fear factor.
>> I was also learning
how it could be taught.
And that was very
fascinating to me to learn.
Because it was a very
good teacher there.
And also, I was learning,
experiencing other people
learning to channel.
And that was
fantastic experience
to be a part of that.
Because for me,
channeling came very fast.
It came very easy.
And I had only just
learned that it
was something people did
just a short time before I
started doing it.
And so at one of those
classes, one of the students
had been channeling
for many years
and would come to the
class, because she enjoyed
being around other people
who were doing channeling
and learning to channel.
She brought a painting
in that, it turns out,
it had been painted in
a channeling process
by Luiz Gasparetto who
was a healer from Brazil.
And he has been up in the
area in Southern California
for a while.
And he would do
channeling sessions
where he paints the
master painters,
in a sense, people like Picasso,
and Modigliani, and Monet.
And he'd, in a sense,
close his eyes.
Or he doesn't really pay
attention to the canvas.
And he has all of
these acrylics paints.
And he just goes about
it in a very fast--
and he puts together
these images
of faces and people
portraits, in a sense.
And different ones
look like they
were painted by a
different master painter,
like Picasso, or
Monet, or Modigliani.
And so one of those--
this woman brought one in.
And she was all
excited about it.
And I had just
started channeling.
I had received a
message, like, the night
before that I'm channeling
this person named Gilgamesh.
And she brings this painting
in the next day to class
and goes, look at this.
Luiz Gasparetto challenged this.
And I just got it.
And it's of Gilgamesh.
And the people in the class
were like, whoa, Gilgamesh.
And I'm like, what?
I'd never heard of
Gilgamesh before.
And most of them
knew who it was.
>> They knew the story.
>> They really knew the story
and the history behind that
name.
And they were all
excited about it.
I'm like, whoa.
I just got the name for
this person yesterday.
Here's the painting.
And so we were also doing some
other things that came through
in the next class or two,
where the group of us
were channeling letters
one letter at a time.
And one person would
write the letters down.
And one of the beings
that we're channeling
came through as Gilgamesh.
So all these things
came through like that.
So there was this
real synchronistic.
And so, for me, the unfolding
and experiencing that
was a wonderful-- to
get to go through that.
>> And when did you start
channeling the Yahyel?
>> Well, so, of course, I've
realized now I've been with
Ishuwa since before I was born.
But when he came through, I
hadn't been aware of that.
So I had been to one of Bashar's
channelings back around 2006,
I believe.
It might have been 2007.
And I went home that night.
And I went into my
own channeling time.
>> And by this time, you were
already channeling a group
of friends.
>> So yeah, this was 2006, 2007.
So I had been channeling for--
I started in '95.
So this was over 10 years now
that I had been channeling.
And I had been doing for people,
and groups here and there,
and individuals.
And so I had been bringing
through a group of friends,
and Gilgamesh, and
a few other names
that I had connected with.
And so there I was channeling
a group of friends.
It was, like, a night
after I'd been--
it might have been the
same night, actually,
that I came back--
it might have been
the next night.
I don't recall the exact.
And it was a group
of friends-- said,
so we have a group
of beings here
that would like to talk to you.
They'd like to have a get
together if you're interested.
And I'm thinking, well, OK--
and I had some discussion
with my group of friends.
So what are they about?
Why are they interested in?
And there was a very
cohesive interest
in connection of spirit,
and of direction,
and of interest
in life to share,
and to uplift, and to
bring about healing,
and bring about information that
would be very useful for people
in a very positive and
self-empowering way.
And I thought, well,
that sounds like a group
I'm interested in talking to.
Let's just sit down.
And that was all it was.
We were just going
to-- and a channeling--
we're going to have this.
So the next night at
the appointed hour,
I sat down and got in my
channeling state connected
to the group of friends.
And then they acted to connect
this other extraterrestrial
group and didn't say
anything about who it was.
And so I was
connecting with them
through the assistance of the
energy of the group of friends
and Gilgamesh.
And so through that
conversation and connection,
there was obviously
a very powerful,
uplifting communication and
connection for me and for them.
And so I agreed to--
I said, well, wow.
The idea was-- would you
like to channel someone from
our civilization and
share some of our--
what we're about with your
civilization, with people there
who are interested?
And it just seemed
like a great fit.
I was really excited.
It felt great.
So I said, sure.
And then there was, OK, so--
And then they kind of stepped
back a little bit and group
of friends.
And here then, they say, are
some exercises for you to do.
So I might have been
channeling over 10 years.
Here's some exercises
to do to make
this connection a little more--
>> Easier.
>> Yeah, to strengthen
this connection with this
extraterrestrial civilization.
And I said, OK.
So for maybe six
to eight months,
I was doing these
exercises regularly.
>> Wow.
>> And some of it was new to me.
Because I had taken
some channeling classes.
And I had encountered a variety
of exercises for channeling.
And some of it, I
was familiar with.
But I kept doing it.
And it was very
easy, very simple.
But it was new for me.
And it was opening me up
to different vibrations
to connect more with them.
And it made it easier for
them to connect to me.
And then at that point shortly
after that, I actually moved--
that was when I
was in California.
I was down in the Laguna
area in Southern California.
I moved to Maui.
And I kept doing it.
And then I had the
opportunity once--
it was one of the exercises that
I had been doing been doing.
I started to bring
through sounds.
And the first sound
was iiii, iiii,
And that went on for
a couple of minutes--
and after that, shhhh.
And that goes on for
a couple of minutes--
shhhh.
So they've I've
got iiii and shhhh.
And I don't know
where this is going.
>> Right.
>> I don't know.
This is this an exercise.
It's another exercise for me.
>> Interesting.
>> Yeah.
And then it gets--
shhh, oooo, and waaa.
And we go through
it all the way.
And then it starts going
ahhh, shuuuu, waaaa.
And that goes on for
a couple of minutes.
>> Wow.
Wow.
>> And then it's Ishuwa.
And then I realize--
it comes through for me--
it's a name.
And then I understood
at that point
that it was a name coming
through and a consciouness.
>> And then when did it--
>> That was around
early 2009, I believe.
>> Well, before--
>> That might have been 2008.
I think it was 2009.
>> Had you heard of the Yahyel
through Bashar's channelings
prior to that?
>> Uh, let's see.
Oh, I would have, yeah, sure.
>> OK.
So when they identified
themselves as the Yahyel,
you kind of had a
reference point for that?
>> Yeah.
But at the same time, the
energy was so familiar to me.
It was so at home to me.
It was like-- this
whole process,
I was stepping more into my
place, my energy, my vibration.
All of those exercises, and the
channeling I had done before,
and all the steps I
had done, it was all
moving me into that
feeling of being more
into that frequency, that
vibration of the reality that
is their place, that
is their vibration.
And it's more where
I'm from, in a sense.
>> So it felt good to go
through these exercises.
>> Oh, yeah, it
that was fantastic.
I always loved the exercises.
That's the reason
I kept doing it.
Because it felt-- and I
knew it was effective.
And it was empowering
and strengthening
my energetic state of being.
And so yeah, it
was just really--
it was it wasn't
really like, oh,
that's the people that
he was talking about.
It was, this is more who I am.
>> I see.
When did you make that
connection that it was--
or did you?
Was there ever that kind of,
oh, Bashar mentioned these guys.
>> I can't remember
if there was.
The strongest memory
and sensation I
have was more in who I am.
I'm bringing my
about more of who
I am in the other lifetimes
as a Yahyel myself.
Concurrently, Ishuwa is me in
a sense, like a parallel me.
And so I'm tuning more
into that aspect of me
and feeling more of that--
where I am moving in my
future in this life--
bring through more
of that-- who they
are, in the sense of connected
to the state of unconditional
love, of supporting one
another, of continual support
for themselves and others, and
being supported continually
by others who support themselves
continuously, and feeling that.
Because there is no limit
to how that can feel.
The variety of ways that
this can be experienced,
there's not a limit.
And so it just opens up to
me more and more the ways--
these unlimited ways-- that I
feel this and experience this.
So it was just more like coming
home as his name comes through
and as I know it's the Yahyel.
And it doesn't
seem like something
that somebody else
is talking about.
It seems like this is my home.
It's seems like it's here
within me, in a sense.
>> Yeah.
Well, you were sort of
the first that I know of.
Maybe others had
channeled the Yahyel.
I know Darryl has mentioned
Bashar mentioned the Yahyel.
And then you started
bringing through Ishuwa.
But since then,
there seems to be
a lot of Yahyel
channelers now or people
who are saying that they're
channeling this Yahyel energy.
And it has a very familiar feel
to Ishuwa and to even Bashar
a little bit.
It's almost like just very
playful, and fun, and happy
energy.
So in your ideas and
in your discussions--
and maybe we can ask
this later, too--
are we keep moving as a
collective closer to that
energy, you think?
And there's going to be more
contact with the civilization?
>> Yeah, my understanding is--
and so there's a lot-- for some
people, more healing that they
will encounter within themselves
and within their experience
of life in their daily
life, what they see
with their friends and family.
And then others are very close.
And of course, as you
mentioned, more people
are channeling Yahyel.
It's a gift for me.
I love having more
people doing this.
So we have opportunities to come
together like we did in Berlin.
>> Right, with [INAUDIBLE]
>> With [INAUDIBLE],, and
with Simon, and with Susanna.
>> They're also
Yahyel channelers?
>> Yeah.
And each has a
wonderful personality.
And there are different
levels of their evolving
with bringing through their
connection to their channels.
For some of them,
it's more recent.
>> Actually, I said, where
in the density spectrum
and whatnot is Ishuwa at?
>> Yeah, in the book, "Avatars
of the Phoenix Lights,"
where Jefferson Viscardi is
interviewing Ishuwa and asking
many questions.
It's, like, 12 chapters, 12
different one-hour channelings.
I stepped aside so Jefferson
could interview Ishuwa.
And that's in there somewhere.
It it, like, fifth
and sixth conscious
dimensions, where
they're talking
about density and levels.
And for me, the
number isn't something
that I'm interested in.
And so I think he has a hard
time really getting it through.
[LAUGHING]
>> I see.
I see.
>> But at the same
time, he says,
there are multi dimensions.
And it's important for us
not to get focused on one,
where we are or where they are.
At this moment, the
information he's sharing
is so multidimensional in the
way it can come through for us
and activate us in our current
dimension and densities--
wherever we perceive
herself to be at.
So we can access more dimensions
and density simultaneously
and give us more
flexibility to move about.
Because they can
move about quite
a bit in terms of
where they're at
and those ideas of fifth or
sixth dimension and density.
>> Oh.
What I've been learning is
that all of these energies,
even though they may be the
same-- like you said, Yahyel.
There's several
Yahyel channelers now.
But they're at different
states of evolution--
same with the Pleiades.
There's some people
who are channeling
earlier era of Pleidian beings.
Some are channeling
later, collective.
So when we start
having these detailed--
the human monkey mind wants
to piece it all together--
and like, whoa, this is
this, and this fits here.
But from doing these interviews,
I've sort of realized--
>> OK.
So I understand your question.
So I rarely get a question
that that's specific.
So I understand
what you're asking.
So there are different timelines
that the different Earth
human channels are
bringing through
of the Yahyel consciousness.
>> Yeah.
It seems like that.
Yeah, that's the case.
>> This is the case.
As I have been
channeling Ishuwa longer,
I have come to know the
information originally
was an idea that
perhaps the Yahyel had
devolved from Earth humans.
And then I have since
gathered more information.
And there are some timelines--
perhaps in our future--
where some of them could be
like descendants of ours.
But they also have had
DNA from the Yahyel way
in our Earth human past.
So they can be
simultaneously, in a sense,
having some DNA from us.
And in that sense-- that
aspect of their DNA--
they were like children of ours.
While at the same time, they
have DNA from their Yahyel--
that are even forefathers
to us, in a sense, that
came before us, in a sense.
So simultaneously, they can be
our children and our fathers
or mothers.
>> Right.
Depending on which timeline
we're interacting with,
there's Yahyel from our
future and from our past.
>> Yeah.
And some of them might
think of themselves
as children of Earth humans
and others like parents.
>> Parents.
Wow, that's fascinating.
>> Yeah.
So it jumps around.
>> I never--
>> Yeah.
It was a little bit--
>> Well, I think I saw one
of your recent channelings.
And it did kind of throw me off.
I'm like, wait.
Is he talking about the
Annunaki kind of thing?
And maybe I'll get into that
with Ishuwa a little bit.
>> So the idea is-- where it's
at now in my understanding.
Because I'm sure it can
change as more information
comes through, not just
from me, from other people.
The idea is that there was a
time when Earth humans like us
and the Yahyel like
Ishuwa that I channel
were of the same one
civilization living together.
And then a group of them went
out into space, in a sense,
to explore new worlds,
almost like the beginning
of "Star Trek" in a sense--
to explore strange new worlds
on a five-year mission.
But they weren't on
a five-year mission.
It was, we're going to go.
Goodbye.
We're probably never
going to see you again.
It was that kind of a departure.
>> Wow.
>> It wasn't a short
term, three, four,
or five-year kind of a thing.
And so in that kind
of a moving out,
there has been a great
deal of evolution
from those Yahyel into
other species, in a sense.
Or hybridization is
immense at this point.
So the idea, for me, isn't to
know all the different levels
of hybridization but to
connect with the ones that
are most relevant
to where we are
in evolution at this point
in time that are going
to be most fulfilling and
fun for us to learn from it,
to grow with.
And so some of the
extraterrestrials
that we have some contact with
through different channels
or in various physical
contexts may or may not
have some of that Yahyel DNA.
But every Earth human
has some of this DNA
from that original
period of time
when there was the
Yahyel and Earth
humans-- were of the
same one civilization.
So there is this point of
instantaneous knowingness
and contact through
that aspect of the DNA.
We all on Earth have
this instant contact--
potential-- to that
place in the Yahyel
timeline where we
and they were one.
And so that family
beingness, and togetherness,
and connectedness that
was then exists in the DNA
of every Earth human.
And most of us--
perhaps in many
different ways-- have
discovered ways to not
even acknowledge that,
to not even know this.
But some of us, without
knowing it, have activated it
and are streaming some
of that information
back and forth with them without
perhaps maybe even realizing
that's what's going on.
>> Yeah, it seems, the more
I dig into these interviews,
and getting more information,
and have a better understanding
of how all this works, it's
like another shocker information
that really just
massages my brain to say,
get out of your linear thinking.
Because anything is
possible, really.
And I feel these contact
specialists, like Ishuwa,
and the Pleidians, and all these
different energies that are
interacting with humanity now--
and more and coming through--
seem to be here to--
and they're only
giving this the nuggets we
can handle at that time.
Like, if I had this information
that I have now two years ago,
I couldn't digest it.
I would probably
walk away from it.
Because my mind just
couldn't handle it.
But now I can-- oh,
yeah, I can see that.
I see how that works now.
And I'm able to--
oh, I can connect the dots,
even though it's all right now,
really.
That's the ultimate thing.
But what you just said
makes sense, actually.
Most people probably
watching this are like, what?
How is that?
We'll explain it later.
But cool-- no, no, that makes--
I think my monkey
mind is wrapping
around it a little bit.
>> So we all have this
treasure trove of experiences,
and knowledge,
and understanding,
and types and ways of relation,
and behavior, and being,
and living, and experiencing
life and knowingness in our DNA
as it comes from how they--
when we were with them--
and as they still do
live in that experience
and way of co-creating
together, experiencing
life together.
So therefore-- because we all
on Earth have it in our DNA--
we are all capable of accessing
it and having it activated.
The more each of us
is open to knowing
this is possible and willing
and able to accept that
and not looking at it as an
alien idea or an alien entity
within them, it's easier to
open up and just say, well,
if it's so, let the
positive attributes of this
come into my being
and strengthen me
in a very enlightening
self-realizational way.
The more people are willing
to do that, the more then--
because what we
put out is what we
get back-- the more we
can get back experiencing
the awakening of that.
>> That's sort of what I've been
noticing going down this rabbit
hole of interviewing what
I first was calling ETs.
And then I changed
the name of the series
to "Extradimensional,"
because that was sort of--
>> That's great.
>> But now, as we're even
going deeper into that,
it's almost not even extra--
it is us.
It is our-- these are
all permission slips.
These interactions
with these other beings
are permission slips to
gather information to expand
our own consciousness.
That's just us, anyways.
Ultimately, that's the
rabbit hole I'm going down.
And it seems-- especially the
last Ishuwa message I listened
to--
it just seems like
that's the message
that they're trying to tell us.
It's like pp, pp, pp.
It's all you.
But we have this great
mechanism of channeling.
We have this great
permission slip
to access this
information in this way.
And I'm sure there's a
million other different ways
to do this--
Tibetan monks, Lee in here with
his tarot cards, and all this--
there's so many different arts.
>> Music, stories.
>> Yeah, it's all there.
This is just one-- for me,
it's a laser-focused way
to really get it, and
digest it, and unwrap
your present in this
fun, exciting method we
call channeling.
But yeah, it's deep.
Going down the rabbit
hole deeper and deeper--
and look forward to talking
with Ishuwa later and furthering
the rabbit hole.
>> Yeah.
It's all us.
They are us.
They are me.
They are you from that
perspective of experience.
And they're coming together,
and realizing more of that,
and gives us opportunity to have
experiences that can be really
enjoyable and fascinating.
>> It's exciting.
I feel this is the greatest
show on the planet.
I can't even go to the
movie theater anymore.
Because I watch the movies.
And I'm like, that is boring.
What we're embarking on as a
society, and the human race,
and these individual
conversations,
and the contact experiences
people are having--
there's no greater show.
And you can't write
a better story.
It's beyond what
even our greatest
writers and imaginations
can even imagine, it seems.
I don't know if you
feel the same way.
>> Yeah, yeah, it's fascinating.
And it's thrilling.
And I mean, rather than being a
member in the audience watching
the movie, we are
the characters.
This is the stage.
And then we are all interacting
as the producers, the writers.
Our eyes are like the cameras
of each person's experience.
So we are all living a
role in this expanding play
as it unfolds.
And without a doubt, each of us
has the right and the ability
to go through this experience
in a way that is absolutely
fantastically enjoyable.
It doesn't have
to be frightening.
to be a struggle.
It doesn't have
to be depressing.
It doesn't have to be scary.
That is just one choice.
>> Exactly.
>> The choice could to exciting
and for it to be really
thrilling, and enlivening,
and refreshing--
moment-to-moment new.
It's not getting boring right.
Each of us can choose that.
And by putting out the
choice to choose that,
we then we get back
experiencing that path.
Both paths exist, the
frightening, scary one
or the fun, fulfilling one.
Choose the one you prefer.
Know that you have the choice.
And then put out the
direction that you prefer
to have this unfold upon.
>> Yeah, you have to be
the actor and the watcher
at the same time.
It's not one or the other.
>> Right.
You're acting it and your
audience all at once.
>> Right.
Yeah, you're writing the script,
and you're playing the part
simultaneously.
And it's nice to sort of sit
back, and go to the theater,
and watch the
screen for a minute.
I think that's what we
do when we go to sleep.
But then it's also--
to have the realization
that you're writing a story,
there's so much in
empowerment in that.
And you can write any
story you want, really.
And that's a lot of fun, too.
So as a filmmaker,
as an actor, I
think it's easier to grasp
some of these concepts.
>> And sometimes, if you have
a couple different stories
and you can think you can only
get one out-- well, which one?
Well, someone else can
write that other story
and experience it for you.
Because that is you being
experienced through them,
which is you from that
other perspective.
Seemingly, it's another
person, but it's you.
And the more we open
up to that, the more
you can experience the other
person having that story,
choosing that story.
You can choose this one.
The other one you really
like, they'll choose it.
You can experience yours
and, through them, theirs.
Because they are you.
And then, well, you can get a
lot of scripts and stories--
>> You have 7 billion
stories of this planet.
[LAUGHING]
7 billion different movies
going at the same time,
and a whole lot of
flavors, and all of it.
Some of it's fun for me and you.
And if it's not, let
them have the stories.
>> Just having the
intention-- for me,
it is to choose the ones
that are going to be most
applicable, and supportive, and
fulfilling from my perspective
of the enfoldment, as how
I perceive myself as part
of the one that is the
all, that is the infinite,
that is the one that is all
that I am, that you are,
that we are.
>> Absolutely.
Yeah, probably later,
we'll get into--
with Ishuwa, I want
to go over those five
universal laws a little bit.
>> Well, he's still
with the four.
>> Oh, four, OK.
>> Yes, I know,
Bashar goes into five.
But with me, it's that
we exist in here and now.
It just goes with theory.
It's goes with theory.
>> It's kind of the same thing.
>> It's the same.
>> No, it is.
>> It is the same.
It is.
>> I agree.
>> And this is information
that's been talked on this
planet for--
it it's been around
for thousands of years,
just the vocabulary
has been different.
The way we speak had been
different in different times.
There's been other human
beings on this planet who
have shared this information
in their own time,
in their own way before.
I find at this
timing, this way--
for me, it's very easy
to understand these ideas
of the nature of existence.
And yet-- this is
how easy it is--
I do recall having
spent a couple of years
immersing myself in them.
And it took me a couple
of years of living
with them to, in a sense,
tasting of the pudding--
to see, the proof is in
the tasting of the pudding.
And through a couple years
of really integrating
them and testing them
in my own experience,
they have come through and
confirmed themself again,
and again, and again.
And in doing that, I become
more aware of what they are.
And I see them more
in my life every day.
So they're easy for me
having gone through that.
But when I can share
them with someone
else for the first time,
sometimes they just--
what?
>> That simple?
>> They don't get it.
And some people just
jump up and down.
They're so excited to hear it.
It's just amazing-- like, wow!
That's fantastic!
And then still,
there's other people--
OK, I'm going to go get
something out of the fridge.
You want me to get you
something to drink?
It's just not the time for them.
>> Yeah, I've been reminding
myself of the four laws all
the time.
And it's just, when you
are able to live it--
and in the past couple years--
pfft--
>> Oh, it makes a difference.
>> --that's it.
What a difference.
>> You have to be
mindful of that.
>> Yeah.
And for me, too, I
mean I feel like I'm
a living proof of living by
those concepts and those ideas.
>> That we exist here and now.
>> Yeah.
>> The one is all the.
The all is the one.
What we put out is
what we get back.
And everything changes--
those initial ideas there.
And what you put out
is what you get back.
And for me, it's what
I put within myself
as food in terms
of consciousness,
and my beliefs,
and my definitions,
and my experiences,
my attitudes--
what I put within myself is
the reality I live within.
That's another way to
say, what you put out
is what you get back.
What I put in is the
reality I live within.
>> You are what you eat.
>> Yeah.
[LAUGHING]
>> That's a good way to say it.
>> And I experience what I
consume, whether it's food,
or it's consciousness,
and thoughts, and beliefs,
energies, emotions.
So yeah, it's those
still simple ideas--
working with those and allowing
the infinite knowledge that
is contained with
each one of them
to meld them through
my awareness in more
and more ways, because there's
not a limit to the ways
I can understand them
and experience them.
It's just fascinating.
It just opened so
many more doors.
I'm just relaxing more
and more with my life
wherever I am in the physical--
what's going on around
in the physical life.
And to feel more sense
of infinite structure,
and support, and love
from existence itself.
So when I put out my
understanding of existence
more, it finds more
ways to support me.
And again, what I put within
is what I live within.
What I put out is
what I get back.
And that's it.
>> I agree.
Well, should we
take a little break
and then get into
some channeling later?
>> Sure.
>> All right.
>> Thank you.
>>Yeah, thank you.
[MUSIC PLAYING]